Updated to make the client work with python[2|3] also added support for local setups. (#9)
yeti-platform/pyeti: README.md

api = pyeti.YetiApi("http://localhost:5000/api/")
```

> If you are using a self signed cert on your yeti instance you can set the verifySSL flag to false to ignore warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a self signed cert on your yeti instance you can set the `verify_ssl` parameter to `True` to false to ignore warnings.
```

Otherwise all ssl connections are verified by default.

```python
import pyeti, json    # json is only used for pretty printing in the examples below 

> api = pyeti.YetiApi("http://localhost:5000/api/",verifySSL=False)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
api = pyeti.YetiApi("http://localhost:5000/api/", verify_ssl=False)
```
